The thing that worries me
is you girls thinking
you can just change
the rules as you go along.
Dee Ann, I'm afraid we're
gonna have to part ways.
You're firing her?
Will you just do me one favor? Stay
as far away from me as possible.
We give each other
some space,
and, hopefully, we won't wind up
killing each other.
You want to know the fascinating
thing about power?
Piss off the wrong people,
and it can change.
What's that
supposed to mean?
It means, from this moment on,
the clock is ticking.
I hear that some of the girls
here offer more than massages.
What are you looking for?
What can I get?
Why don't you
spell it out for me?
I know you...from the spa
down in Sugar Land.
Good memory.
Seeing as how you and me
are old friends,
I'm gonna just let you off
with a warning.
I really appreciate that.
I didn't think
I'd be doing it alone.
I'm so sorry
that I was mean to you.
You don't need to apologize,
and you are not alone.
I'm not going anywhere.
Hey. You're calling late.
About last night,
we should talk.
We're talking right now.
In person.
I'm coming over.
It's late, and we'll talk.
I promise.
Kyle.
[ Insects chirping ]
There's nothing
that I can do or say
to make up
for what I've done.
All right?
I can't tell you how many times
I've wanted to come back,
dreamed of
what I would say
and how I would
make it up to you, and...
Now that I'm standing here
looking at you, I just...
Lord knows
you have every right
to just slam the door
in my face,
but I just -- wait.
Can I at least peek in
and see the kids?
♪ The Client List 1x10 ♪
Past Is Prologue
Original Air Date on June 17, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪ No, I can't take
one more step towards you ♪
♪ 'cause all that's waiting
is regret ♪
♪ don't you know
I'm not your ghost anymore ♪
♪ you've lost the love
I love the most ♪
♪ I've learned to live
half alive ♪
♪ and now you want me
one more time ♪
♪ and who do you
think you are? ♪
♪ running around,
leaving scars ♪
♪ collecting
your jar of hearts ♪
♪ and tearing love apart
♪ you're gonna catch a cold
from the ice inside your soul ♪
♪ so don't come back for me
♪ who do you think you are?
♪ Who do you think you are?
Lacey: You okay?!
Evan: He's still here?!
He better not be!
My poor baby!
How are the kids?
How are they taking it?
Are they all right?
They're okay.
They were pretty upset
when I told them.
Well, join the club.
And he just showed up?!
The nerve to show his face in this house!
No word, no warning, no nothing?!
If it was me, I would've
kicked his ass so hard,
Oh, kicking would have been
too good for him.
he's gonna have to strap
a pillow onto it to sit down.
I swear, if he wasn't my brother...
Hey, where'd she go?
[ Knock on door ]
Morning.
I got to get to work.
Yeah, maybe I'll just, uh...
come back later.
You've got some explaining to do.
I'll say.
Y'all both deserve
an explanation.
All right, I just feel like
I owe it to Riley
to talk to her first.
Hey.
I got to get to work.
Thank you for
looking after the kids.
Don't worry. I won't leave him
alone with the kids for a second.
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Sighs ]
Georgia,
Kyle came home last night.
What?!
Oh, I can't believe him!
Crazy, right?
Well, why didn't you call me?
I don't know.
I guess I was just...
in shock, and I needed
to let it sink in.
And?
Well, I'm confused
and frustrated
and so furious
that I could just spit.
Come on.
I got just the thing for you.
Okay.
[ Birds chirping ]
So, what are we doing
out here?
Hit it.
Excuse me?
We're at the back
of Buckey's Appliances.
Buckey and I,
we got a little deal.
It's called
release quid pro quo.
So, hit it!
Okay.
Do it like you mean it!
Good girl!
Hit it!
Come on, now,
knock it out!
There you go!
Whoo! Whoo!
It feels good!
[ Laughs ]
Okay, you go.
Wait a minute.
[ Both laugh ]
Oh, hell no!
[ Laughs ]
Whoo!
This is for
Kyle Parks leaving!
And that's
for coming home!
[ Shouts ]
Whoo!
There you go!
[ Exhales sharply ]
That was good, girl.
We'd better
get back inside.
Just one more.
One more.
And...
He shouldn't even be in
this house for one more second.
I think you should
kick him out.
Why don't you
kick him out?
Because he's not
my son-in-law. That's why.
Well, he's your best friend's
deadbeat husband.
I can't think
of a better reason.
Deadbeat.
Yeah,
I guess I deserve that.
Well, it's true,
isn't it?
No, it's not.
You left.
And you have the gall
to show your face in here again.
I mean,
what were you thinking?
When you and Riley
were 16 years old,
I supported you.
I protected you.
I defended you.
And when you had a fight,
I told Riley
she had to stick it out
because that's the way marriage
is supposed to be.
I know, Linette.
I can't tell you
how much I appreciated that.
I treated you
like you were my own son.
My family welcomed you
with open arms,
and what do you do?
You turn around and walk out.
I got this.
It's my turn now.
Do you have any idea
what you've done here,
how much you've hurt Riley,
the kids, Evan?
You think it's easy
to keep a family going?
It has taken a village,
and Riley has led the way,
doing more
than any one person should.
My God, Dale was out looking
for you every mile he drove.
We were all
out of our minds with worry,
and you don't even
have the decency
to send word
that you're okay?
I just -- I don't even know
what to say to you.
Except, shame on you.
I'm sorry.
Look, I know that doesn't mean
anything to y'all right now.
But I am.
Now, can I at least
take the kids to school?
It's summer break.
[ Birds chirping ]
Riley:
Is everything okay?
I sure hope so, sugar,
'cause my spidey sense
is a-tingling something awful.
Uh-oh,
that can't be good.
Well, it's not.
It has to do with
my friend Clifton
and the Sugar Land police.
I think
they might be after me.
Georgia, are you sure?
'Cause I know sometimes
I get that feeling.
Turns out just to be
my overactive imagination.
Well, I'm inclined
to agree with you,
except it was confirmed
by another friend.
What'd they say?
Well, somebody's got a burr
under their saddle about me.
Well,
what are you gonna do?
Well, I'm gonna
have to step back, you know,
leave town for awhile.
I don't know when was
the last time I took a vacation.
Oh, that sounds great.
How long
are you gonna be gone?
Until it all blows over --
a couple of weeks at least.
I am so envious.
Hey, who are you gonna get
to run this place?
Well, that's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
I want you
to run the spa.
I don't know what to say.
Well, how about a "yes"?
Remember,
I am not giving it to you.
This is temporary,
and I am coming back.
Well, you'd better.
In that file cabinet
filed under "Christmas gifts,"
there's a little book
with some very big names in it.
The client list?
I want you to take it
when you leave tonight
and put it someplace else
only you know about,
someplace safe.
Okay, why would I want
to do that?
Well, think of it as the secret
codes in all those movies,
you know,
the ones with the big bombs.
Only the person in charge
know the codes
and where they are.
Georgia,
that sounds scary.
I'm not gonna have to use it,
am I?
Lord, no.
This is just a precaution.
God forbid something happens
to me while I'm away.
Georgia, don't even joke
about things like that.
Well, I am just saying,
it is best to be prepared.
It wasn't raining
when Noah built the Ark.
You know that.
Kyle: I really appreciate
you meeting me.
I think
you're the only one in town
that's talking to me
right now.
I'm surprised Lacey's
even letting you see me.
Yeah, she's not
your biggest fan.
So, what's the deal, man?
Are you...back?
Hon-honestly,
I have no idea.
I mean,
I-I didn't think about
how hard
this was all gonna be.
You walked out on your wife
and kids for a year.
What did you think?
I thought she would
at least talk to me,
listen
to what I had to say.
Yeah.
I mean,
I-I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
How do I make her hear me?
I'm sorry.
How do you make her
hear you?
Are we still talking about
the same woman?
You don't make Riley
do anything.
I think what you need to do
is just...I don't know.
Just do whatever it takes
to win her back.
Yeah.
And don't ask me
what kind of flowers are good
in this kind of situation.
You are right.
Yeah.
Hindsight is a bitch,
isn't it?
Yeah.
I have family
down on St. Simons Island.
I'll be there on the beach,
watching the waves.
For how long?
A few weeks at least.
Also, I'm putting Riley
in charge while I'm gone.
When are you leaving?
I have a few loose ends
to tie up -- probably tomorrow.
What if I --
what if we need
to get ahold of you
while you're gone?
There is no need for that.
Just talk to Riley.
She'll be handling everything.
So, as of right now,
all of you should think
and treat her as if she is me.
Look out for sharks.
Riley,
your 2:00 is waiting.
It's Earl.
It's a straight massage.
I can take him if you need
to go over stuff with Georgia.
Oh, no. He's one
of my favorite clients,
but thank you.
You go get him, girl.
[ Door opens ]
You know, Earl, I keep telling
you I'm a professional.
You don't have to keep
your shirt on.
Only person sees me naked
is my wife.
[ Laughs ]
And the last time that happened,
Johnson was President.
Oh, come on. A good-looking guy
like yourself?
I am shocked.
Well, her loss, I say.
You play your cards right,
and you could be
the second Mrs. Hudson.
Oh, well,
be still, my heart.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, what are we gonna
work on today?
Uh,
my hip's acting up again.
I think I got a hitch
in my giddyap.
Okay, well, let's see
if we can't unhitch it.
Okay.
You ready, Earl?
Earl?
Earl?!
Sarah said
you wanted to see me.
Yes.
What's wrong?
You look like
you've seen a ghost.
Interesting choice
of words.
Um, I have a problem,
and I need to talk to you.
Well,
just spit it out, hon.
We can deal with anything.
I just need to know
what it is first.
You know my client,
Earl?
Yeah.
Uh, he's on my table...
dead.
What do you mean "dead"?
As in not living.
Are you kidding me?
In all my years,
this is definitely a first.
Okay,
what are we gonna do?
Oh, hell, I don't know.
Uh, call 911?
Well, it's not really
an emergency anymore, is it?
Uh, what about, uh, Fred
down at Bouchard's Mortuary?
I don't know if his family
would want to do that.
Oh!
His emergency contact number.
Perfect.
This is a lovely place.
Earl's always talking about
how nice everyone is.
T-that's great,
Mrs. Hudson.
Oh, please, call me Ruth.
Well, it's been lovely
talking to you ladies,
but I really do need to get
to Olsen's before it closes.
Uh, when do you think
Earl will be finished?
Well...
Ruth, Earl is, uh...
...Earl is done...
...for good.
What do you mean, dear?
Go on, girl.
Just rip the band-aid off fast.
Okay.
Earl is dead.
Ruth, honey, you okay?
Oh, my God, she's in shock.
I know. This must be
so difficult for you.
[ Laughing ]
Are you kidding?!
It's the best news
I've had in 50 years!
[ Chuckles ]
Do you want to be alone?
Not particularly.
Oh.
Okay, well, I just thought maybe
you'd want to say goodbye.
I said sayonara to Earl
50 years ago.
I married Earl
when I was 19.
Oh, the first couple of years
were good enough.
Then,
like a quality bathtub,
the love went
straight down the drain.
Yet you stayed.
Why didn't you leave
or get a divorce?
In my day, dear,
you didn't do those things.
Instead, I got Bud.
Aww. A dog?
They do make great companions.
Oh, no.
Bud is my lover.
[ Chuckles ]
And he treats me real nice.
He takes me to Cracker Barrel
every Sunday morning.
[ Sighs ] The things that man
can do with his tongue.
Downright illegal.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, I think
that's long enough.
Uh...
Earl was
a real cheap ass.
Here, this is for you.
I doubt he ever tipped you.
Well,
where are you going?
To find Bud, of course --
tell him the good news.
We can get married.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
Oh.
Mm.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Riley: It's really nice of you
coming over.
Taylor: Please, when I heard
that Kyle had resurfaced,
I thought you might need
a little distraction.
Bringing Twinkle over
to play with the kids.
Being a single mother
can't be easy.
I figured you might need
a little, you know...
Help.
Why, Taylor Berkhalter,
I think this is the first
nice thing you've done for me --
ever.
Well, don't go getting
used to it or anything.
You know,
I get why Kyle left.
Oh, and she's back,
ladies and gentlemen --
Taylor Berkhalter.
I'm not saying it's right.
I'm saying, I get it.
Hell's bells,
I'd leave Beau in a heartbeat
if I had the courage.
I think marriage
should be like a business deal.
Every five years,
if it ain't working,
you opt out and move on
to something better.
But then again,
I don't run the world yet.
[ Children laughing ]
Hey.
This time,
it's me bringing you food.
Thank you.
Figured the last thing you'd
want to do tonight is cook.
You can come and join us
if you want.
Uh, no, I-I just --
I really just stopped by
to drop that off.
Make sure you were okay.
I don't know
how okay I am.
But we are not gonna starve
thanks to you.
I can't tell you
how much I appreciate it.
Well, call me
if you need anything, okay?
Love you.
Okay, what are we doing,
you two?
[ Laughs ] We have a surprise
for you.
Keep your eyes closed!
You promised!
Okay, they're closed,
they're closed.
[ Katherine giggles ]
What are you doing here?
I was invited.
We made dinner!
Yeah, come on, look.
And these are for you,
Mom.
I picked all the green ones
out of the cereal for you.
Thank you.
And you.
Not a huge marshmallow fan,
but thank you.
No, silly,
it's green food.
Yeah, we have to eat
something green with every meal.
Well, yes,
I-I meant vegetables,
but this will do
for tonight.
Because
it's a special occasion?
Yeah.
Something like that.
You know, these jelly sandwiches
are so delicious.
Thank you, Daddy.
I made them myself.
Did you?
I'm so impressed.
You know what would make them
even better?
Peanut butter.
What?
W-what I'd say?
Katie's allergic
to peanuts --
had a reaction so bad,
she was in the hospital
for two days.
Sweetheart, I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
Yeah.
This was a stupid idea!
Hey, Travis.
[ Sighs ]
[ Truck door opens ]
[ Truck door closes ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Look, I realize it's my fault,
but this is crazy.
You and me not talking
like this.
If you say so.
Look, I know you think I just
abandoned Riley and the kids,
but there's more to it
than that.
I mean, everything
that was going on...
it just got
on top of me.
I felt like
I was suffocating.
And the way that it went down,
it's not like I planned it.
It just happened.
I mean, one minute, I'm sitting on
the couch, watching the game,
and the next thing I know,
I'm throwing all my stuff
into a bag
and getting in my truck
and driving west
as fast as I can.
I mean, it wasn't till
that night
when I stopped
outside Amarillo
that it actually hit me
what I had done.
Well, why not turn around
right then and come back?
I don't know.
Shame.
Fear.
You know, confusion.
Cowardice.
Yeah.
Yeah, that too.
Look, I tried so many times
to come back. I swear to you.
But every time,
I just got...
paralyzed, you know?
I was thinking about how much
everybody must hate me, and I...
I couldn't do it.
I don't hate you.
I don't like you
very much right now.
[ Sighs ]
It's just,
I don't get it.
I mean,
h-h-how could you --
how could you do that?
Leave like that
without a word.
I told you, I...
I mean,
Riley and the kids...
and the debt --
no, not them, man.
Not them -- me.
How could you leave me?
I mean, did you ever once
for one second
stop to think about me?
Your brother.
The only family you got.
Hell, Kyle,
after mama and daddy died,
I mean,
all we had was each other.
and then you go off
and disappear, man --
no note,
no word, no nothing!
I mean, do you know --
do you know how that feels?
Not very good,
I imagine.
No, you're damn right
it doesn't!
I mean, I'm looking at you
right now,
and it's like I don't even know
who you are anymore.
Come on, Ev, that's not true.
Yeah, well, what about
those drugs then, huh?!
You took so many of those,
you got hooked.
You had to go to N.A.
How'd you know
about that?
Oh, that was
another fun story.
Yeah, Riley found out
from your --
what was
your friend's name?
Maxine.
Yeah, Maxine.
Yeah,
we had a real good time
wrapping our heads
around that one.
God...I'm so sorry.
You're sorry.
[ Sniffles ]
Is that -- is that
all you can say?
Is that all you've got?!
You don't know how bad I want
to hurt you right now, Kyle.
I want to hurt you so bad
like you hurt us.
Hit me then.
Kyle: I'm serious.
[ Grunts ]
I ain't gonna hit you.
But I sure as hell
can't respect you anymore.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Mm. Crap.
What time is it?
Almost 8:00.
Mm, good.
I thought I was gonna be late.
No.
Here,
just how you like it.
Ooh. Thank you.
Kids are still sleeping,
too.
They doing okay?
Brave.
Braver than me.
Well,
I don't know about that.
But kids are resilient,
plus they're already
one step ahead.
How so?
They've got you for a mama.
All right...
[ Sighs ]
...on a scale of 1 to 10,
how bad is all this?
I'm scraping 11.
Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
Okay, this is probably
pointless,
but is there anything
I can do?
Do you know anybody
with a time machine
who can spin us all back
a year or so?
Mm, no,
I'm fresh out of those.
Darn.
But knowing what you know
about Kyle, would you --
would you even want
to go back?
Ooh.
Now,
that is a good question.
Kind of hard to put
the genie
back in the bottle
once you let him out.
Mm.
Especially when it's Evan.
You mean Kyle.
No. I mean Evan.
Riley?
Okay, but you swear
no judgments? Pinkie swear?
Yeah, yeah.
Evan and I --
Oh, my God, you did it!
You guys did it!
Shh! Lacey!
No.
Oh.
But we did kiss.
Oh, my God,
that is -- that's the best.
You don't disapprove?
Are you kidding me?
No, I love Evan.
I always have.
But I --
But what?
Well, I just --
I just want to make sure
that you're taking care
of yourself through all this.
Yes.
I am.
What did I do
to get such a good friend?
I don't know.
But you sure are lucky
to have me.
[ Laughs ]
Thank you.
[ Birds chirping ]
I'm back!
Hello, ladies.
Miss me?
Did we just go back
in time?
Girl, last I checked,
you were fired.
Well, I just got rehired.
That's great.
Honey, welcome back.
Hold on, hold on.
By who?
Oh, by me.
The rub of Sugar Land just
wasn't the same without Dee Ann.
Amen.
And I can't thank you enough
for bringing me back.
Touching only one body
at home
was starting to make me
a little cray-cray.
[ Laughter ]
Looks like someone's a little
punch-drunk with power, huh?
I'm sorry. Excuse me?
Come on.
Georgia only gave you temporary
control of this place.
Let's get real.
You ain't nothing but
a glorified babysitter.
Yeah, but she gave it
to me, not you.
Here's the thing, Selena.
Georgia's not here
to protect you,
so back off.
[ Fingers snap ]
Damn.
Double damn.
Well, if it isn't
my old friend.
Yeah, I said we'd be seeing
each other again, didn't I?
Yes, you certainly did.
And what a happy meeting
it is.
Yeah, I'll bet.
Oh, that's for you.
What's that for?
To the beginning
of a beautiful relationship.
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
Well, I hear, uh,
congratulations are in order.
You're running the place now.
Oh. [ Chuckles ]
I don't know
about all that.
So, what can I do
for you today?
Well, uh...
I got a little deal to propose.
I bet you do.
I would avail myself
of your particular brand
of, uh, services here.
And you gals will get
the full protection of the law.
'Cause you're a nice girl.
And it's real good for nice girls
like you to know guys like me.
Understand?
Just in case
you get into any trouble.
Be seeing you.
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Okay, Aunt Lacey.
The kids and I decided we're
gonna go to Emilio's for pizza.
Riley.
You know what?
Can you take the kids
to the bedroom?
Lacey:
Hey, guys, come on.
Let's go into the bedroom
and play. Come on, baby.
Come on.
Are you just never
gonna talk to me again?
You know, this hasn't been
a piece of cake for me, either.
I've been all alone.
I've had no one to talk to.
I've been away
from everyone that I love.
Let's be honest, you're not exactly
the easiest person to come back to.
You son of a bitch!
Hard?! For you?!
Really?!
Hard for you?!
Do you have any idea
how hard it was
to wake up every morning?!
How hard it was
to function every day?!
Hey, hey! No!
You two!
The kids can hear you!
Are you kidding me?
Fine.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Riley, please.
I'm sorry.
I will do anything
to make this right, Riley.
Please.
I am the same person
that you fell in love with.
I am not the same.
[ Breathing heavily ]
I'm really proud of y'all.
Why?
Because I know
that it must be real confusing
since your daddy came back.
I know I'm not supposed
to be mad at people,
but I'm kind of mad
at Daddy.
That's okay, baby.
Between us,
I'm mad at him, too.
What about you?
How are you doing?
I'm not mad,
but I'm sad.
What if he goes away
again?
Look, here's the truth.
I don't know if your daddy
is gonna leave again.
But I do know this.
I'm not going anywhere.
Not ever.
Okay?
It's just gonna be
the three of us
forever and ever and ever.
Okay?
Okay.
[ Insects chirping ]
You okay?
Getting there.
I got to admit, I never knew
you could fight like that.
Neither did I.
Ooh, I'm glad he didn't break
one of my nails.
That could've
gotten ugly.
[ Both laugh ]
Hey,
do you have the book?
Never got it.
Thought you had it.
Eh, well,
maybe mama has the book.
What book?
The book of life.
Tells you what you're supposed
to do when you get in a fix.
Yeah. Lacey and I
are always marveling
at how other people seem to
just fix their problems so easily.
Mm. We figured someone
must've handed them some book,
told them what to do.
Not us. We're just stumbling
through life,
making all kinds
of mistakes.
Well, hell, when you find it,
I could use a few chapters.
[ Both laugh ]
Okay, well, on that note,
I'm gonna skedaddle.
You gonna be okay?
Absolutely.
I've got this one
just in case any more bad guys
come my way.
From what I saw earlier,
you don't need any protecting.
[ Laughs ]
Okay, then, I'm gone.
See y'all tomorrow.
Love you.
See you later.
Love you, too.
[ Sighing ] Oh, man.
So, can I ask you
something?
Sure.
Where are we?
We are in a good place.
Kyle coming back
doesn't change anything.
It doesn't?
Nope. It doesn't.
At least not for me.
I mean, that Kyle
that showed up on my doorstep
the other night --
I don't want him back.
What if that version
of Kyle changes?
Well...
if wishes were horses,
beggars would ride.
Linette?
You betcha.
[ Both laugh ]
Look, your brother
can't just come back here
with flowers and pretty words
and "I'm sorrys"
and think that things are gonna
go back to the way they were.
That girl is gone.
Well, that's good...
'Cause the woman
I'm staring at right now
is pretty damn amazing.
[ Chuckles ]
Look, I know I'm being selfish
right now,
but, I mean, we never even
got a chance
to see
where this thing could go.
We will.
Yeah?
Yeah.
We will.
[ Insects chirping ]
I'd like that.
[ door opens ]
Hey, honey. You okay?
Got here
as quick as I could.
[ Door closes ]
Why do you keep coming here, anyway?
Because this is my home.
No, it was your home
until you left.
Linette: I brought enough
clothes for a couple of days,
as long as you need me.
Mama, that's real nice, but --
No "buts."
I'm your mother, and a daughter
needs her mom at a time like this.
You know I love you.
I don't need you fighting my battles
for me anymore. That's not why I'm here.
I know you're tougher
than the two of us put together.
Sometimes it doesn't feel
that way.
No, pooh.
If you can get through
your husband leaving you,
you can get through
anything.
Damn straight.
Yeah, what do you know?
You know,
I'm so sick of your bullshit.
Both of you, knock it off.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Hey, Georgia.
Everything okay?
[ Sighing ] Oh, crap.
No, I didn't.
Okay. Okay, I understand
how critical it is.
I'll...
Yes, I'll go right now.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Something came up at work. I got to go.
At this late hour?
It's important. You gonna stay?
Of course.
Don't be here
when I get back.
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Alarm beeping ]
Shit.
[ Alarm blaring ]
Oh, shit!
[ Blaring continues ]
[ Blaring stops ]
Kyle: What was so important
that you had to come up here
in the middle
of the night?
What I do
is none of your business.
What the hell are you doing
here? Are you following me?
Well, you wouldn't talk to me
when anyone else was around,
so I figured I would get you
when you were alone.
That's not a smart move.
Okay, so just leave.
No. I'm not leaving
until I get off my chest
what I need to say.
I love you.
I know
it may not look like it.
And, in fact, I know it may look
just the opposite.
But it's because I love you
that I left.
Riley, come on. I was no good to you
or the kids the way that I was.
I was messed up.
My head -- my head
was in a dark place.
You know...
[ Sighs ]
...Evan told me...
that you found out
that I was abusing those pills.
[ Sighs ]
And I'm so sorry that you
had to find out like that
and for not telling you
myself
and for not letting you
in.
All right, it's just that
I got so bad that...
I was scared that if I stayed
that I might...
that I might
do something.
All right, so I left.
I left to get my head
screwed on straight.
All right,
I never thought about
what it would do
to you and the kids.
And I'm sorry.
But I knew the only way
I'd ever be able to take care
of you again
was if I took care of myself,
and I did.
All right, I did.
I'm here now.
And I will do anything...
to make this right.
Please?
Riley, please.
This was never about
loving you.
I mean, that doesn't get lost
in bills and mortgages.
All right, I never stopped
loving you for a second.
Baby,
you're my whole life.
[ Sighs ]
Come on.
Are you really just gonna stand
there and not say anything?
Don't you care anything
about where I've been
and what I've been doing?
Or why I'm here now?
Fine.
Fine, Kyle.
Why are you here?
I heard
you were in trouble.
Are you in trouble?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==